Docs: Add Sequin Guide (#1641)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/guides/sequin.md

Create a user for Sequin to use when connecting to your Neon database. This user will need `insert`, `update`, and `delete` privileges on the `sequin.records` table:

1. In the Neon SQL Editor, run the following create statement:

```sql
create user sequin with password 'generate-a-strong-password-here';
```

2. Then, grant the `sequin` user the necessary privileges by running the following statements:

```sql
grant usage on schema sequin to sequin;
grant select, insert, update, delete on all tables in schema sequin to sequin;
alter default privileges in schema sequin grant select, insert, update, delete on tables to sequin;
```

These statements do the following:

- Grants the `sequin` user usage permissions on the `sequin` schema.
- Grants the `sequin` user `select`, `insert`, `update`, and `delete` permissions on all existing tables in the `sequin` schema.
- Sets default privileges so that the `sequin` user will have `select`, `insert`, `update`, and `delete` permissions on any new tables created in the `sequin` schema.

With this user, Sequin will only have access to the tables it needs and will not be able to modify any other data in your database.

> With your sequin schema and records table in your Neon database, you’ll now configure Sequin to authenticate with your API source, create a sync, and stream data to your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your `sequin` schema and `records` table in your Neon database, you’ll now configure Sequin to authenticate with your API source, create a sync, and stream data to your database.
```

## Connect Sequin to an API source

You can connect Sequin to an upstream API using either the Sequin console or API. For this guide, let’s use the Sequin Console for simplicity:

> 1. Login to the Sequin console and click the + Add sync button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Login to the Sequin console and click the **+ Add sync** button
```

2. Select the source you want to sync.

> 3. Click the + Add new button in the credential section to complete the authentication flow for your selected API source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **+ Add** new button in the credential section to complete the authentication flow for your selected API source.
```

> 4. Once authenticated, you’ll see a list of objects available to sync. Select the object you want to sync and click the Start syncing button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Once authenticated, you’ll see a list of objects available to sync. Select the object you want to sync and click the **Start syncing** button.
```

Sequin will begin to backfill all historic records from the API source and set up a real-time stream as new records are created, updated, and deleted.

## Create a Sequin Postgres consumer

Next, you'll create a Postgres consumer to stream data from your API source to your Neon Postgres database. Consumers are how you stream data from Sequin's syncs to destinations.

As a first step, you need to connect your Neon database to Sequin as a target:

> 1. In the Sequin Console, navigate to the Targets tab and click the + Add target button. Enter the credentials for your database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Sequin Console, navigate to the Targets tab and click the **+ Add** target button. Enter the credentials for your database:
```

>    - You’ll find the host and database in the connection details tab of your Neon project dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - You’ll find the host and database on the **Connection Details** widget on your Neon project dashboard.
```

   - The port is `5432`

>    - Make sure you check the SSL option. (This is required by Neon.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Make sure you check the **SSL** option. (This is required by Neon.)
```

>    - Use the username and password for the sequin user you created earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Use the username and password for the `sequin` user you created earlier.
```

2. Sequin will validate its connection to your Neon database and you’ll be able to Save.

Now, create a consumer to stream data from your Sync to your Neon database target. Consumers allow you to sync multiple sources into one Neon DB target:

1. In the Sequin Console, navigate to the Consumers tab and click the + Add consumer button.
2. Select your API provider (e.g. GitHub, Stripe, etc) and your Sync.

> 3. Then select your Neon database for the target and enter the scheme (i.e. sequin) and table (i.e. records) you set up earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Then select your Neon database for the target and enter the schema (i.e. `sequin`) and table (i.e. `records`) you set up earlier.
```

> 4. Sequin will confirm your database is configured properly - then click the Start consumer button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Sequin will confirm your database is configured properly - then click the **Start consumer** button.
```
